docs: added documentation for restricted records (#571)
inveniosoftware/docs-invenio-rdm: docs/features/features-walk-through/restricted_records.md

Reviewer: Maybe mentioning "how" to enable/disable this feature, i.e. ALLOW_RESTRICTED_RECORDS =True, or pointing (hyperlink) to the place in the docs where this configuration variable is documented.

# Restricted records

> A record can be marked as restricted in order to grant access to it only to a specific group of users or organisations. This is useful for example if you want to share a record with a colleague or team before making it public.

Reviewer: Using the actual naming we have in the requests, i.e. `users` and `groups` (a group can be an organization, but also many others, for example when using ldap/egroups).

```suggestion
A record can be marked as restricted in order to grant access to it only to a specific users or groups. This is useful for example if you want to share a record with a colleague or team before making it public.
```

## Creating a restricted record

When creating a new record, you can mark it as restricted by clicking the "Restricted" checkbox in the "Visibility" section of the form:

![Creating restricted](./img/restricted_record_select.png)

## Modifying an existing record

You can also edit an existing record and mark it as restricted. To do this, go to the record's details page and click the "Edit" button in the top right corner:
![Editing record](./img/restricted_record_edit.png)

Next, in the visibility section of the form, check the "Restricted" checkbox:

> Note: You can either mark the **whole** record as restricted or **only** the files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: You can either mark the **whole** record as restricted (files and metadata) or **only** the files.
```
